h1. TagCloud-hx

An open source library for creating Flash-based tag-clouds on the web.

h2. About TagCloud-hx

TagCloud-hx is a package containing a set of "haXe":http://haxe.org 
classes to help the creation of dynamic Tag Clouds based on frequency of 
keywords on a given data.

TagCloud-hx can be used by haXe, Flash, Flex and other AS3-compliant 
Applications as an external library, it is fully open and customizable.

h3. Features

Here are some of what TagCloud-hx has to offer:

 * Fast and Lightwheig dynamic tag-clouds generation
 * Generate clouds from dynamic loaded JSON input or flashvars parameters
 * Ability to set shapes as boundaries for the cloud – generate tag clouds
 in a specific format.
 * Flash9 player compatible

Check the demos folder for some usage exampes.

h2. Installation/Usage

TBD

h2. Copyright & License

The Initial Developers of the Original Code are JWT Brasil, HSBC Brasil 
and HSBC México.

Portions created by the Initial Developers are Copyright (C) 2009
the Initial Developers. All Rights Reserved.

The main code for TagCloud-tx is licensed under a three clauses
"BSD License":http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php and was
originally commissioned by and developed for "HSBC Brasil":http://www.hsbc.com.br 
and "HSBC México":http://www.hsbc.com.mx via the "JWT Brasil":http://www.jwt.com.br 
advertising agency.

See the LICENSE file for the legal terms of the license and the AUTHORS 
file for a complete list of the contributors.

h3. Open Source Libraries used by TagCloud-hx

In addition to the original code, TagCloud-hx also uses other open 
source libraries that are included in this distribution. Below is a list 
of all 3rd-party tools and library included and their licenses and 
copyright notices:


* "haXe":http://haxe.org
** BSD
** Copyright (c) 2005, the haXe Project Contributors
* "hxJson2":http://lib.haxe.org/p/hxJson2
** BSD
** Copyright (c) 2008, Adobe Systems Incorporated
** ported by Philipp Klose <philipp.klose@byteanvil.com> from "as3corelib":http://code.google.com/p/as3corelib/  
* "code-illuminated":http://code.google.com/p/code-illuminated
** MPL 1.1/GPL 2.0/LGPL 2.1
** Copyright (C) 2007, Mozilla
** Contributor(s):
*** Atul Varma <atul@mozilla.com>
*** Sander Dijkhuis <sander.dijkhuis@gmail.com>  
** code-illuminated uses:
*** "jQuery":http://jquery.com/
**** Dual licensed under the MIT and GPL licenses.
**** Copyright (C) 2009 John Resig
*** "JavaScript Creole 1.0 Wiki Markup Parser":http://www.ivan.fomichev.name/2008/04/javascript-creole-10-wiki-markup-parser.html
**** MIT/X11 License
**** Copyright (C) 2009 Ivan Fomichev
**** Portions Copyright (C) 2007 Chris Purcell
*** "DynaCloud v5":http://johannburkard.de/blog/programming/javascript/dynacloud-a-dynamic-javascript-tag-keyword-cloud-with-jquery.html
**** MIT license
**** Copyright (C) Johann Burkard